Revamp Contributor's quick start (#39837)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/03_b_contributors_quick_start_breeze.rst

test your changes against Airflow's CI image.

Pre-requisites
##############

It is recommended to run Breeze with at least 4GB RAM, 2 cores, and 20GB of disk space. It is possible to get
away with 2.5GB RAM and 20GB of disk space for some development tasks.

Installation
############

1. Install `Docker Desktop <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>`_
2. Install `Docker Compose <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/>`_
3. Install pipx: ``pip install --user "pipx>=1.4.1"``
   1. MacOS users may want to consider using brew to install pipx: ``brew install pipx``
4. Add pipx to your PATH:
  1. If you installed pipx with pip on MacOS, run ``python -m pipx ensurepath``
  2. Otherwise, run ``pipx ensurepath``
5. Install Breeze: ``pipx install -e ./dev/breeze``
  3. Optionally configure autocomplete: ``breeze setup autocomplete``

For more detailed Breeze installation instructions, see the `Breeze installation guide <../dev/breeze/doc/01_installation.rst`_.
For troubleshooting Breeze installation, see the `Breeze troubleshooting guide <../dev/breeze/doc/04_troubleshooting.rst`_.

Running Airflow with Breeze
###########################

> TODO: what happens if you run breeze start-airflow the first time you ever run breeze start-airflow?

Reviewer: Is this a work in progress?

everything you need for many simple Airflow development tasks.

This, however, is a very bare-bones Airflow environment. Many changes will require a database
(``breeze start-airflow --backend postgres``), a specific executor (``breeze start-airflow --executor CeleryExecutor``),
or some combination of configurations. To see what's configurable, run ``breeze start-airflow --help``.

Using Breeze and tmux
---------------------

Starting an Airflow environment using ``breeze start-airflow`` starts a `tmux <https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki>`_ session.
tmux opens four different windows in your terminal: The top-left is a shell within the container, the top-right runs and logs
the triggerer, the bottom-left runs and logs the scheduler, and the bottom-right runs and logs the webserver.

Navigating tmux can be a little tricky at first. Your search engine is your best friend for finding out how to do things
in tmux. One tip, though, is to hit ctrl+b then [ to enter "copy mode". This will enable you to scroll up and down in
a particular window. Hit q to exit copy mode. Click or tap on one of the four tmux windows to interact with that window.

> To exit tmux and stop Airflow, run ``stop_airflow`` in the top-left window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exit tmux and stop Airflow, run ``stop_airflow`` in the top-left (first) window
```

Following are some of important topics of `Breeze documentation <../dev/breeze/doc/README.rst>`__:

* `Breeze Installation <../dev/breeze/doc/01_installation.rst>`__
* `Installing Additional tools to the Docker Image <../dev/breeze/doc/02-customizing.rst#additional-tools-in-breeze-container>`__
* `Regular developer tasks <../dev/breeze/doc/03_developer_tasks.rst>`__
* `Cleaning the environment <../dev/breeze/doc/03_developer_tasks.rst#breeze-cleanup>`__
* `Troubleshooting Breeze environment <../dev/breeze/doc/04_troubleshooting.rst>`__

Running tests with Breeze
-------------------------

> Many changes to the Airflow code base will require, at a minimum, a new unit test. All tests exist within the ``tests/``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many changes to the Airflow code base will require, at a minimum, unit tests, either a new one or updating an existing one. All tests exist within the ``tests/``
```
